Ad RBAC api example (#22)
ShiftLeftSecurity/field-integrations: api-examples/rbacv1/README.md

# RBAC API v4 Example

This example takes a list of users from the csv file and:

* Sets their organization level roles.

> * Creates the theam the need to be assigned to if necessary

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Creates the team they need to be assigned to if necessary
```

* Assigns them to the specified team with the specified role

### Caveats:

* Unless you are an organization owner, you will not be able to modify other users with role SuperAdmin in the organization.

> * The CSV filename and format are bound to what is showed in the example.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The CSV filename and format are constrained to what is shown in the example.
```

* You will need your ShiftLeft ORG ID and Access Token (personal access token not CI token) exported in your environment as:
  * `SHIFTLEFT_ORG_ID`
  * `SHIFTLEFT_ACCESS_TOKEN` 

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
respectively.
```
